to make yourself competitive for graduate school. You want to have some
experiences on your CV that are going to make you stand out. And so
things like working with professors doing research. That's a great
one. Having some some actual research experience. Um, working with
professors as teaching assistants could be really helpful. Aziz. Well,
um, also having a strong, you know, background in the field that
you're going into or the you know, the graduate program that you're
applying to you can really make you stand out. Eso those were all things
that can increase your likelihood of being accepted Teoh a graduate
program.